and gummies
ingredients
in a pot heated to one and a half cup
of water
add mango flavor gelatin
and mixes and incorporate
mix three grenetine sachets with
half a cup of water
add to the gelatin mixture and
heat at low heat for 3 minutes
or until it has no lumps removed from the
fire and of copy placed in the
blender cream cheese and milk
condensed the milkmaid and liquefies up
to incorporate
with the blender turned on empty
slowly the mango flavor gelatin
ready until the mixture is integrated
you are preparing for this area
add each of the bowls a little
your favorite coloring and mixing
empty one of the colored gelatins in
a previously greased container and
Refrigerate for 8 minutes or until
set a bit this will help you not to
combine to form the different layers in
the bowl with curd gelatin
empty the second jelly and refrigerate
until set
finally empty the remaining gelatin
takes to the refrigerator for 10 minutes
or until it is firm
demolding and with the help of cutters
different figures cut the gummies
have fun with your children preparing this
recipe the dessert with the milkmaid makes us
family kitchen with creating inspiration
these moments together